Self-hosting not officially supported (#519)
OfficeDev/office-js: README.md

2. If you need offline access to the Office.js APIs (for example, to facilitate offline debugging).

> **Note**: Officially, Outlook doesn't support this. However, if you choose to proceed, you may also need to self-host a copy of Microsoft Ajax or other dependencies as needed.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: Officially, Outlook doesn't support this. However, if you choose to proceed, you may also have to self-host a copy of Microsoft Ajax or other dependencies as needed.
```

> **Note**: Officially, Outlook doesn't support this. However, if you choose to proceed, you may also have to self-host a copy of Microsoft Ajax or other dependencies as needed.

Reviewer: Why just "Outlook"?  None of the Office Add-ins support this...

Reviewer 2: I think "support" could mean different thing to Outlook. It is true that Microsoft Store will not accept any add-in that doesn't reference CDN directly for Office-js library. My understanding is that Outlook is saying the offline files won't work technically (which is hard for me to understand). I'll check with product team and get back.

- Use TypeScript definitions for Office.js as described in [IntelliSense definitions](#intellisense-definitions).

### Support

The Office.js CDN is the official, supported source for Office Add-ins. This means that for the NPM package the following are not guaranteed.

- Frequency of updates

- Timely support for issues and bugs

> Also, Outlook does not support offline scenarios due to a network access requirement for dependencies like the Microsoft Ajax library.

Reviewer 2: Should we say "offline hosting of JavaScript library" instead of "offline scenario"

> Also, Outlook does not support offline scenarios due to a network access requirement for dependencies like the Microsoft Ajax library.

Author: ```suggestion
Also, Outlook does not support hosting Office.js offline due to a network access requirement for dependencies like the Microsoft Ajax library.
```

    @microsoft/office-js@1.1.2-beta-next.0/dist/office.d.ts

> ![Using the NPM package with Script Lab](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OfficeDev/office-js/release/.github/images/script-lab-substitute-refs.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Using the NPM package with Script Lab](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-js/blob/release/.github/images/script-lab-substitute-refs.png)
```
